swrequirement.md, before:

Project Name

Business Context

Problem Statment

Scope

Assumptions

Features
Log In: The user will be able to log in to the application with a unique username and personal password. Captcha
will be a troll type log in like having to play wordle to log in.

Password: Have password requirements to increase security

Home Page: 

Profile Page: A page unique to each user that is customizable. 

AI Integration: AI will be integrated into the app. Will include actions like posting instead of the user

Customizable Pages: Users will be able to customize their experience with dark mode and themes for the home page.

Posts: Users will be able able to make a post that will be saved on their profile and viewable by other users.

Messages: Users will be able to send direct messages to each other

Private/Public Accounts: Users will be able to make their accounts private or public

Add Friends: Users will be able to add other users as friends

Menu Music: Users will be able to select music to play on their profile page

Group: Users will be able to add hastags to their posts to add the post to specific group pages. They will be able
to then view the post in the group page.

Photo upload: Users will be able to upload photos and add them to their profile

Short Form Videos: Videos will be able to be posted on the platform with a time limit.

De-Inspirational Quote of the Day: AI will create an un motivating quote for users to see when logging in.

Games: Users will be able to compete in games to compete for followers on the account

Graffiti: People will be able to go to other profile pages and make drawing on their pages. 

Non-Functional Requirements

Commit message:

added scope to swrequirments document

swrequirement.md, after:

Project Name

Business Context

Problem Statment

Scope

This app will be available to users on their computers and mobile devices.

In Scope: Focus for the scope of the project will be usability of the app on both computer and mobile browsing

Out of Scope: We will not be trying to create an app for apple of google store during this release of the project.

Assumptions

Features

Log In: The user will be able to log in to the application with a unique username and personal password. Captcha
will be a troll type log in like having to play wordle to log in.

Password: Have password requirements to increase security

Home Page: 

Profile Page: A page unique to each user that is customizable. 

AI Integration: AI will be integrated into the app. Will include actions like posting instead of the user

Customizable Pages: Users will be able to customize their experience with dark mode and themes for the home page.

Posts: Users will be able able to make a post that will be saved on their profile and viewable by other users.

Messages: Users will be able to send direct messages to each other

Private/Public Accounts: Users will be able to make their accounts private or public

Add Friends: Users will be able to add other users as friends

Menu Music: Users will be able to select music to play on their profile page

Group: Users will be able to add hastags to their posts to add the post to specific group pages. They will be able
to then view the post in the group page.

Photo upload: Users will be able to upload photos and add them to their profile

Short Form Videos: Videos will be able to be posted on the platform with a time limit.

De-Inspirational Quote of the Day: AI will create an un motivating quote for users to see when logging in.

Games: Users will be able to compete in games to compete for followers on the account

Graffiti: People will be able to go to other profile pages and make drawing on their pages. 

Non-Functional Requirements
